h1. My Membership App


Be sure to have a copy of the Bootstrap stylesheet available on your
application, you can get it on http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap.

Inside your views, use the 'simple_form_for' with one of the Bootstrap form
classes, '.form-horizontal', '.form-inline', '.form-search' or
'.form-vertical', as the following:

   = simple_form_for(@user, :html => {:class => 'form-horizontal' }) do |form|



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
h2. Devise

Some setup you must do manually if you haven't yet:

  1. Ensure you have defined default url options in your environments files. Here
     is an example of default_url_options appropriate for a development environmen

     in config/environments/development.rb:

       config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { :host => 'localhost:3000' }

     In production, :host should be set to the actual host of your application.

  2. Ensure you have defined root_url to *something* in your config/routes.rb.
     For example:

       root :to => "home#index"

  3. Ensure you have flash messages in app/views/layouts/application.html.erb.
     For example:

       <p class="notice"><%= notice %></p>
       <p class="alert"><%= alert %></p>

  4. If you are deploying on Heroku with Rails 3.2 only, you may want to set:

       config.assets.initialize_on_precompile = false

     On config/application.rb forcing your application to not access the DB
     or load models when precompiling your assets.

  5. You can copy Devise views (for customization) to your app by running:

       rails g devise:views

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

h2. Rolify

An initializer file has been created here: config/initializers/rolify.rb, you
can change rolify settings to match your needs.
Defaults values are commented out.

A Role class has been been created in app/models (with the name you gave as
argument otherwise the default is role.rb), you can add your own business logic
inside.

Inside your User class (or the name you gave as argument otherwise the default
is user.rb), rolify method has been inserted to provide rolify methods.

Now, if you just have to run the migration using rake command:

   rake db:migrate

and you will be able to add the resourcify method inside all models you want
scoped by a role.


h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["apps4", "controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails-stripe-membership-saas", :database=>"sqlite", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :templates=>"erb", :continuous_testing=>"none", :rvmrc=>false, :ban_spiders=>true, :github=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.14

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.

h2. Getting Started

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Similar Projects

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. License

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
